**General Question Set**

1. What is your current program of study/profession?
A1: Pure and Applied Math

2. How much experience do you have in this field of study/work?
A2: 1 and half years in current program. 3 years in Pure and Applied Science at Marianopolis. 

3. Do you enjoy your studies/work? If yes, which part interests you the most? If no, what do you not like about it?
A3: Yes
Enjoys problem solving, given a problem and have all the necessary solutions to solve the problem.
Doing calculations, calculator work, Algebra is most preferred subject.
Having tools necessary for computations, steps to get to final answer
Dislikes, proofs and analysis, does not enjoy creativity, prefer more step wise procedures and approach. 

4. What tasks or jobs would you say you mostly do in your field of study/work?
A4: Taking notes for class
A lot of proofs, here is statement and proof using rules provided
Some classes are theoretical with proofs, others include calculations with proofs and matrices
Computation and proofs combined.
Solving problems and taking notes in general

5. Can you tell me some of your likes and dislikes and what you enjoy doing?
A5: Enjoys drawing and baking, music (J-pop or pop)
Don’t enjoy news, dealing with economy money, or politics
Reading (Informational and Learning new fields like Psychology/Math/Physics)
Watching tv shows and movies (Anime and documentary/informational)
Spending time with family

6. What are your values when it comes to your field of study?
A6: Honesty, Hard-Working, Self-Work, Self-Understanding, Integrity, Thorough, Not Assuming, Neatness

7. What occupation are you aiming towards, if you are not already employed? 
A7: Short Term, TA for a Math class
Future, Professor or Researcher in the Math
Unsure of specific field, desires more experience and understand more

8. What skills have you been developing which you feel will be the most important for this future career?
A8: Organization, being organized in studies
Interpersonal skills and working with others, trying to improve
Timeliness and reliability, making sure tasks are done on time and being reliable

9. What are your current goals for yourself? If you have none, do you think you will have some in the future?
A9: Learn more about programming, LaTeX, Python
Trying to develop more relations with professors to gain a TA position

10. Do you prefer to use to use the hand-held calculator or computer calculator?
A10: Prefers handheld over computer. Used to it more and is more portable for class. Rather not have another window open on computer while doing work.

11. Do you have experience using the command line of your computer? And using a calculator on your computer?
A11: Experience using handheld calculator over computer
Has used command line to remedy problems with computer
Not much experience with programs use with command line

12. Are you comfortable enough to use a calculator without a Graphical Interface and just with the command line?
A12: Would prefer user interface, with buttons over typing on command line. 

13. Currently, my team and I are designing a scientific calculator and we are hoping to get your input to improve our design. How much experience do you have with a Scientific Calculator, and how often do you use one?
A13: Quite a bit of experience, used all through college and university, not much as of late
Current learning field is dealing with proofs and not much with procedures and input
Uses it a few times a week within class, less often then in college
Row reducing matrix is example of not available

14. Are there any functions you feel should be included in a Scientific Calculator but aren’t?
A14: Doing operation to get answer, no way to return to original function to check if unput was correct.
No way to return to previous function and input values
Better way to deal with a lot of brackets, losing track of open and closing brackets in expression
More functions to input a matrix, perform row reduction or allow for matric multiplication or addition

15. Does your operating system provide any calculator? if yes, Do you think its functions are enough for you?
A15: Yes it does offer one, but there are not all the scientific functions needed. 
Missing some trignometric like sinh. Also doesn't have for other roots besides sqaure

16. What function/ functions do you usually need from a Scientific Calculator most?
A16: Mostly used for values cannot calculate alone. 
Trignometric, log and roots of values. Also for factorial.

17. Do you think you will use a scientific calculator in your field of study and in your future career. If yes, what will some of your uses for it, if no, do you think you would use for personal use?
A17: In future career, will most likely use it in the future and will need it
Currently uses it for derivative and integrals, using log, e and trigonometric functions
Taking roots of numbers
Mainly dealing with trigonometric and exact values, convert fractional to decimal, complicated algebra to reduce down to single number

18. Do you use Scientific Calculator during your work or your exams or your course projects or anything else?
A18: Yes, less than in previous years currently. mostly in class and for exams. 
Not many projects, used for assignments and algebra exams

19. Our calculator will include the functions for exponential functions, arccos, log, Gamma, Mean Absolute Deviation, Standard Deviation, sinh and a special exponential function which allows variables and expressions for the base instead of natural numbers. Can you tell us which function you would find most usable for yourself? Why?
A19: Gamma function and standard deviation will most likely be used, from statistics
Standard deviation to input the data and get answer
Gamma in probability
Trigonometric function
TO plug in input and get final answer

20. If no, is it because you don’t see yourself using any of the functions mentioned, or some other reason?
A20: Other functions don’t really see specific use for others
Others mentioned will be more certain in the future
Not clear of a context for the other functions

21. How familiar are you with these functions and how they work?
A21: Very familiar, have used them all before. Less familiar with MAD and x^y, haven't used in a while
Most familiar with log, Gamma, Standard deviation since used in classes now

22. Do you think it is necessary that a Scientific Calculator should take a function as input?
A22: Yes, would prefer if calculator could help simplify long expressions
Easier to input functions to help get exact values as well

23. Are there any features you would like to see included in this calculator that you think would make the design better?
A23: Being able to put in a long expression and simplify it, instead of just decimal
After plugging in big trigonometric function, can use trig identities to simplify

24. What should the precision for a Scientific Calculator be?
A24: Don’t need more or less decimal places, but would prefer feature that gives exact values when wanted (trigonometric or sin function)
Instead of decimal rounding, prefer exact values in identity or fraction, simplify and shorter answer

25. When using a calculator do you prefer to receive a step by step solution or simply a final answer?
A25: Prefers using online calculator that shows expressions in proper formatting. See the expression on how you would see on paper (not 2^5). Help see if inputting is done properly
Easier to see if mistakes were made, would help with answering questions later on

26. Do you think a history is essential for a calculator? If yes, how big should the history be?
A26: Yes, being able to have a window to see everything being written down, being able to see previous inputs, have a history of values, helpful to check your work
History should last until calculator is cleared or new function is started

27. Do you have any positive experiences with a Scientific Calculator, if yes please elaborate?
A27: Enjoyed the use of factorial function and the choose function.
Being able to use trig functions regularly, much simpler 
Regular operations, simple arithmetic and trig were simple to use and easy to understand right away

28. Do you have any negative experiences with a Scientific Calculator, if yes please elaborate?
A28: Annoying that for a lot of functions have to click the shift function to access
The input is not very intuitive for some functions, for e function, need to place brackets around exponent
Doesn’t show the input as exponent, looks more like multiplication (format not as nice)
After writing long chain of operations, difficult to go back and look through your large input and expression
Taking cube root or fourth root, have to enter the number of root first before value, choose you want to do a root and then specify the root number and the input value
Screen is too small, would like to see more of input, instead of having to go back

29. In your opinion, what would improve your experience when using a Scientific Calculator on a computer? What features would improve its usage for you?
A29: Having a dedicated button for all the functions to use, instead of using shift or second function to access all the same
Nice formatted input so it looks more like on paper then, see everything nicely and clear
